sentimental old actor Adam loves posh
seafood restaurant is about to fold and
he's harboring a dark secret
one would think that if you open a
seafood restaurant you'd actually like
to eat seafood I have a bit of a
diversion of his shell just because I
have bone in my throat's appearance
three days and I could not I had a real
problem with it and if I get a bone I
get physically sick how old you we got
the boat stuck about five five algae now
66 to the one it's absurd how can Alan
Georgie's menu if he doesn't even eat it
but what else is wrong I want to know
what the locals think you know cool
trendy depper
things I said is what a groupie takes
what does it mean Ruby Tate's sort of
hairy thing I suppose review tapes what
does it mean some to do with potatoes
why have you been in
the deck are pretentious for their
substance have what you think the deck
or gates is oh yeah just let's get
working what do you look forward and see
if you rush in here and better jobs